Unified Service Tagging cleanup for KSM, global env, version (#36678)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging.md

**Notes**:

- The `version` tag is expected to change with each new application deployment. Two different versions of your application's code should have distinct `version` tags.

> - The official `service` of a log defaults to the container short-image if no Autodiscovery logs configuration is present. To override the official `service` of a log, use the Unified Service Tagging options below or add a full custom Autodiscovery log configuration.

Reviewer: Can we add a link here to the options we're referring to?

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

##### Full configuration

> To get the full range of unified service tagging in Kubernetes, add the following labels to both the parent workload and the pod template.

Reviewer: I find the use of "following" here confusing, because we don't list the labels; we talk about environment variables instead. Can we clarify the relationship between them?

Author: Adjusted a bit and added those labels, but not sure if it looks too lengthy. But does that look more clear? 

In general the labels are for the infrastructure side (metrics, logs, pod/container tagging) where as the env vars are largely just used by the Datadog tracers for the traces and spans.

> The `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` environment variables are used by APM-enabled applications. You can set these environment variables manually or using the [Kubernetes's downward API][2] as seen below. If you are using the Cluster Agent's [Admission Controller][1] to mutate your pods, those three environment variables are automatically injected to match your labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` environment variables are used by APM-enabled applications. You can set these environment variables manually or using the [Kubernetes's downward API][2]. If you are using the Cluster Agent's [Admission Controller][1] to mutate your pods, those three environment variables are automatically injected to match your labels.
```
Think we're good to remove this reference to "below" if we have a link!

Author: Not much else to link here, as really this is the more definitive page on how you should set these three env vars. Adjusted to the phrasing/spacing just a little bit to put first that these are for APM applications.

> The `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` environment variables are used by APM enabled applications. These environment variables can be set manually or by the [Kubernetes's downward API][2] as seen below. If you are using the Cluster Agent's [Admission Controller][1] to mutate your pods, those three environment variables are automatically injected to match your labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` environment variables are used by APM-enabled applications. You can set these environment variables manually or using [Kubernetes's downward API][2] as seen below. If you are using the Cluster Agent's [Admission Controller][1] to mutate your pods, those three environment variables are automatically injected to match your labels.
```
This is a bit of a long page; can we add some links when we refer to things below, so we can help users get to the relevant information?

Author: Added your suggested changes separately for this, but wasn't quite sure if you were looking for something else regarding the links. Those two should resolve to the 

- https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information/#capabilities-of-the-downward-api
 - https://docs.datadoghq.com/containers/cluster_agent/admission_controller/?tab=datadogoperator#configure-apm-and-dogstatsd-communication-mode

Otherwise ready for re-review

```
<div class="alert alert-danger">The <code>OTEL_SERVICE_NAME</code> environment variable takes precedence over the <code>service.name</code> attribute in the <code>OTEL_RESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES</code> environment variable.</div>

> These labels cover Kubernetes CPU, memory, network, and disk metrics. As well as general container tagging and log collection. These labels are also used by the Cluster Agent and its reported [Kubernetes State Metrics][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These labels cover Kubernetes CPU, memory, network, and disk metrics, as well as general container tagging and log collection. These labels are also used by the Cluster Agent and its reported [Kubernetes State Metrics][3].
```

##### Partial configuration

###### Global env handling

> If your Kubernetes cluster is entirely a single environment, for example only `env:production` nodes and workloads, you can provide this to your Agent configuration rather than tagging each workload individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Kubernetes cluster is entirely a single environment, for example, only `env:production` nodes and workloads, you can provide this to your Agent configuration rather than tagging each workload individually.
```

With the Datadog Operator:
```yaml
#(...)
spec:
  global:
    tags:
      - "env:<ENV>"
```

With the Datadog Helm Chart:
```yaml
datadog:
  #(...)
  tags:
    - "env:<ENV>"
```

> This will establish this as a host level tag inherited on all your data associated with each host. This will also be applied to all [Kubernetes State Metrics][3] and be the default `env` on your APM spans. Take care with these tags as if you have a global `env` tag set and a *different* `env` tag set on your pod, that pod's data will have both `env` tags present.

Reviewer: The first two sentences in this section have a few instances of "this" that can be a little hard to follow. Can we be a little more specific about what each one indicates?
```suggestion
This establishes this as a host-level tag inherited on all your data associated with each host. This is also applied to all [Kubernetes State Metrics][3] and is the default `env` on your APM spans. Take care with these tags, as if you have a global `env` tag set and a *different* `env` tag set on your pod, that pod's data contains **both** `env` tags.
```

###### Pod-level metrics

> If you are not using APM in your applications you can omit the `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, `DD_VERSION` environment variables. Add the following standard labels (`tags.datadoghq.com`) to the pod spec as well as optionally to the parent workload like the Deployment, StatefulSet, or Job:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION` environment variables are only required if you are using APM in your applications; otherwise, you can omit them. Add the following standard labels (`tags.datadoghq.com`) to the pod spec, as well as optionally to the parent workload, like the Deployment, StatefulSet, or Job:
```

Requirements: 
- Datadog Agent Version 7.52.0 or greater
- If your services run in a containerized environment and `image_tag` is sufficient for tracking new version deployments, no further configuration is needed.

> - If your services are not running in a containerized environment, or if you'd also like to have the Git SHA included, [embed Git information in your build artifacts][20].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your services are not running in a containerized environment, or to include the Git SHA, [embed Git information in your build artifacts][20].
```
